# CS 346: Meeting Minutes

|    Date    | Team # |
|:----------:| :----: |
| 2023-04-09 |  112   |

**Present:** Abhay Menon, Guransh Khurana, Inseo Kim, Hoang Dang, Anshul Ruhil
<br/>
**Absent:** -

---

## Agenda
- Add image functionality (with the help of a microservice)
- Fix the bug (where a new file is saved as "Untitled") in the console-support branch
- Resolve any possible merge conflicts

## Notes
- When the theme feature was tested, we noticed some errors in the dialog boxes. Anshul said that he did not know how to change the css of the dialog box contents. 
 Normally, we would look into this more but seeing as we did not have a lot of time left. We remote dark themes from the dialog box and only implemented it in the note 
 window and the notes explorer window.
- We managed to create the microservice just in time
- Inseo and Hoang helped Abhay in resolving all the merge conflicts/bugs that arose from merging all the additional features into main

## Decisions
- We will not be implementing the image resize feature and will be removing themes from the dialog boxes

## Actions
- All additional features merged
- Resolved all merge conflicts
- Added image support feature (#25 and #50)