# CS 346: Daily Standup

|    Date    | Team # |
|:----------:| :----: |
| 2023-04-01 |  112   |

## Questions

_Enter comments below. If a team member is absent, fill in their name, and put a line through the answer section_

| Name            | What have you completed since last meeting? | What are you going to complete today?                                                          | What obstacles are in your way?                |
| --------------- |---------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------|
| Abhay Menon     |                                             | Working on #48; trying to set up auto-deploy from CI/CD                                        | -                                              |
| Inseo Kim       | #49                                         | Helping Anshul and Guransh with #24; helping Abhay and Hoang with business logic for data sync | Waiting for Abhay's and Hoang's changes to #48 |
| Hoang Dang      |                                             | Working on #48 with Abhay; trying to figure out business logic for data sync                   | -                                              |
| Guransh Khurana | -                                           | #25, Helping Anshul with #24                                                                   | -                                              |
| Anshul Ruhil    | -                                           | #24                                                                                            | -                                              |

## Outstanding

_Do we need help with anything?_

We might require help from Jeff or a TA for data synchronization but we will try alternate approaches to our original business logic and see if they work.
## Decisions

_Is there anything else we should capture from this meeting?_


We need to consider if we need the data synchronization feature since it is taking a lot of time. We need to make room for the image support feature.